abcd.com a
Abcd.com a
AbCd.com a
ABCD.com a
blah.com a
blah.com aaaa
blah.com ns
blah.com soa
blah.com hinfo
blah.com dnskey
blah.com nsec
blah.com ds
blah.com rrsig
_ftp._tcp.blah.com srv
blah1.com a
blah1.com aaaa
blah1.com ns
blah1.com soa
none.blah.com a
none.blah.com aaaa
none.blah.com ns
none.blah.com soa
ns1.blah.com a
ns1.blah.com aaaa
ns1.blah.com ns
ns1.blah.com soa
x.x.blah.com a
x.x.blah.com aaaa
x.x.blah.com ns
x.x.blah.com soa
delegated.blah.com a
delegated.blah.com aaaa
delegated.blah.com ns
delegated.blah.com soa
x.delegated.blah.com a
x.delegated.blah.com aaaa
x.delegated.blah.com ns
x.delegated.blah.com soa
random.com a
random.com aaaa
random.com ns
random.com soa
ftp.blah.com a
ftp.blah.com aaaa
ftp.blah.com ns
ftp.blah.com soa
a.blah.com a
a.blah.com aaaa
a.blah.com ns
a.blah.com soa
www.blah.com a
www.blah.com aaaa
www.blah.com ns
www.blah.com soa
somewhere.else.com a
somewhere.else.com aaaa
somewhere.else.com ns
somewhere.else.com soa
www1.blah.com a
www1.blah.com aaaa
www1.blah.com ns
www1.blah.com soa
cname1.blah.com a
cname1.blah.com aaaa
cname1.blah.com ns
cname1.blah.com soa
hanging-cname.blah.com a
hanging-cname.blah.com aaaa
hanging-cname.blah.com ns
hanging-cname.blah.com soa
outzone-dname.blah.com a
outzone-dname.blah.com aaaa
outzone-dname.blah.com ns
outzone-dname.blah.com soa
x.outzone-dname.blah.com a
x.outzone-dname.blah.com aaaa
x.outzone-dname.blah.com ns
x.outzone-dname.blah.com soa
inzone-dname.blah.com a
inzone-dname.blah.com aaaa
inzone-dname.blah.com ns
inzone-dname.blah.com soa
x.inzone-dname.blah.com a
x.inzone-dname.blah.com aaaa
x.inzone-dname.blah.com ns
x.inzone-dname.blah.com soa
x.inzone2-dname.blah.com a
x.inzone2-dname.blah.com aaaa
x.inzone2-dname.blah.com ns
x.inzone2-dname.blah.com soa
x.dname1.blah.com a
x.dname1.blah.com aaaa
x.dname1.blah.com ns
x.dname1.blah.com soa
sdf.sdf.kjh.wildcard.blah.com a
sdf.sdf.kjh.wildcard.blah.com aaaa
sdf.sdf.kjh.wildcard.blah.com ns
sdf.sdf.kjh.wildcard.blah.com soa
sdf.sdf.kjh.wildcard2.blah.com a
sdf.sdf.kjh.wildcard2.blah.com aaaa
sdf.sdf.kjh.wildcard2.blah.com ns
sdf.sdf.kjh.wildcard2.blah.com soa
